bonuses to all subscribers when buying in
the friendliest store gadgets
poppies. No, Hello dear friends with
Ilyuha today I want to show you
review hotel rooms form zion and so
this is a deluxe room
very cool door there is a lock
electronic key is inserted here
there are three switches
they regulate the lighting in the room
only problems with which
we faced two days of ours
stay here this is this light bulb
which is upstairs we have it
here we could not
turn off because all the switches
who are here and generally in
they don't turn off the lamp in the room as a result
I had to turn it out a big minus
Next, let's start with the wardrobe
here a full-length mirror is possible
take a look
we shift here separation of course there is
safe but it's down below let's show
very comfortable have to fall on your knees
and says cf open and climb there and
look but it's not very comfortable
close here we have two offices where
you can put
also their things are still amazing
hair dryer in the room
here we have a minibar that gives tea and coffee
you can drink
well about boiling water you are best
use the water that comes after
tap water is better to never
Of course that's going on on minibar
beer and puma are given here
one juice yes yes no very bad
cools will understand show
bath she deserves special attention
as you can see it is not transparent
frightened and you live together or none
it is all closed by such firms
but there are also flaws between the screens
there is a gap and
and maybe the one to see from your
neighbors here someone lives here farther
bath enchanting big wonderful very
cool breaker
I liked everything done very expensive
the sink is not surprising given
shampoo and soap toothbrushes toothpaste
the cap is actually made of a very
expensive and because it is but glass and
black tile is very cool well I understand
darling grass can
wash and rain shower on is
at the top is regulated water pressure superski
here you can not put a record
something of their belongings and so we
moved the room of course all here
this bath room will be yours
you will not be visible on the floor
soft carpet nice to walk nothing
bad I can not say here, see
is to call sony tv
here is the Russian channel there are no foreign
rip vice done with him cool
the solution is a large shelf to which you can
all put napkins are given a bed
either one big or 2 separate
here we have 0 to 2 separate them
combines one common large mattress
although perhaps he lies wrong yes one
big
in total from 1 nightstand included to
light 1 light here in fact
included from different places and it is not clear how
It will have to try very hard, and that's
Moreover, 17 does not turn off
here is the outlet at the bottom not
very convenient control kondeem
happens by
only things are no remote plus everything
I just searched for the keys for a long time
inclusion she is well and three speeds
adjust the temperature three more keys
enabling the mode here sat for a while
pokumekali
and realized that these buttons are masters
just turns off the lights in the whole room
or was in switching on the light there
then we are very
searched long in the evening to turn off
light but i couldn't understand what it was
the button was I thought it was a challenge
staff so become up to military big
the sofa unfolds rather not
laid out a cool old man
a little magazine though not smoking
number but day for loops prostrate and that is
here we are 15 people in the class
windows there or bulls in the room have a table
two sockets for connecting equipment
the light on key is just one
phone can call
inside the hotel in bangkok in thailand
either take home a notebook and a pencil and
pens I did not find and so on for the title
also very cool in the office chair on
you can even rock it a little bit
look and e100 problems consisted
most likely in our room
this balcony has a lock here we
initially also a very long time
held
understanding generally closed or open of course
in the end it is closed but then I saw here
this little cog and if its
unscrew the balcony of who I am now and
I will do it in the end if you need to open
balcony you can use your
key either a screwdriver and sin you have and
just really unscrew
This screw well, in principle, in all 4
star hotels here and before before
you still leave the room will need that
your balcony is closed by the trail get on
beam here is a room just overlooking
the city have usually die without visible
the city but here is the fun
a combination opens
bottom slums and large building of it
residential
and the hotel building is not here either
historians are nothing of a plus really
just stay up well, thank you all
watched i think nectar was this
I wonder if I'm going to go hotel
up cool breakfasts you'll see through
10 seconds I can only say that
subscribe and put fat huskies
all guys all thanks all bye
well, so much looks good 6
cool world cool everything is standard
now
will recruit to eat what can
say you liked it beautifully
it's beautiful
no thanks eat we gotta eat shorter we
it seems
cleaning the table we really liked very
cool came pancakes scrambled eggs sausages
coffee juice further it is